README.md, before:

[@aureooms/js-rational](http://aureooms.github.io/js-rational)
==

<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/Number-systems.svg" width="864">

Rational numbers code bricks for JavaScript.

```js
let [ a , b ] = add( 1 , 10 , 1 , 5 ) ;
a / b === 3 / 10 ; // true
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aureooms/js-rational/master/LICENSE)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@aureooms/js-rational)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/travis/aureooms/js-rational/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/aureooms/js-rational/branches)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://david-dm.org/aureooms/js-rational)
[![Dev dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://david-dm.org/aureooms/js-rational?type=dev)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://github.com/aureooms/js-rational/issues)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@aureooms/js-rational)

[![Code issues](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/issues/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aureooms/js-rational/issues)
[![Code maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aureooms/js-rational/trends/churn)
[![Code coverage (cov)](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/aureooms/js-rational/master.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/aureooms/js-rational)
[![Code technical debt](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/tech-debt/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aureooms/js-rational/trends/technical_debt)
[![Documentation](https://aureooms.github.io/js-rational/badge.svg)](https://aureooms.github.io/js-rational/source.html)
[![Package size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@aureooms/js-rational)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@aureooms/js-rational)

Commit message:

:books: docs(README): Add links to other projects.

README.md, after:

[@aureooms/js-rational](http://aureooms.github.io/js-rational)
==

<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/Number-systems.svg" width="864">

Fractions for JavaScript.
See
[@aureooms/js-rational-field](https://aureooms.github.io/js-rational-field)
for an implementation of the rational field ℚ base on this library
and
[@aureooms/js-integer](https://aureooms.github.io/js-integer).
See [docs](https://aureooms.github.io/js-rational).
Parent is [@aureooms/js-algorithms](https://github.com/aureooms/js-algorithms).

```js
let [ a , b ] = add( 1 , 10 , 1 , 5 ) ;
a / b === 3 / 10 ; // true
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aureooms/js-rational/master/LICENSE)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@aureooms/js-rational)
[![Build](https://img.shields.io/travis/aureooms/js-rational/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/aureooms/js-rational/branches)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://david-dm.org/aureooms/js-rational)
[![Dev dependencies](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://david-dm.org/aureooms/js-rational?type=dev)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://github.com/aureooms/js-rational/issues)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@aureooms/js-rational)

[![Code issues](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/issues/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aureooms/js-rational/issues)
[![Code maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aureooms/js-rational/trends/churn)
[![Code coverage (cov)](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/aureooms/js-rational/master.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/aureooms/js-rational)
[![Code technical debt](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/tech-debt/aureooms/js-rational.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aureooms/js-rational/trends/technical_debt)
[![Documentation](https://aureooms.github.io/js-rational/badge.svg)](https://aureooms.github.io/js-rational/source.html)
[![Package size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@aureooms/js-rational)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@aureooms/js-rational)
